you
hello everyone I'm Anthony source for
New Jersey hotshots com we're going to
be talking about the non-public group
for title well don bosco is going to be
a giant stadium who are they going to
face is it going to be seton hall or is
it going to be Bergen Catholic Crusaders
let's go to Livingston here we go for
the right to meet john bosco prep for
the state championship first quarter
Tanner McEvoy is going to roll to his
right and the blue jerseys can't even
see the pitch to chuck e wingate win
games going to use that breakaway speed
he's going to be brought down at the
18-yard line Tanner McEvoy is going to
take the snap on the back pedal gets the
pass off with one foot Karl basta comes
down with it at the one then McEvoy is
gonna take the snap from the shotgun
take it himself the Crusaders lead six
to nothing after seat horrible turnover
on downs it will be McEvoy again out of
the shotgun down the false far sideline
still looking with the spin move he's
finally going to be brought down at
around the 3-yard line now Karl Bostic
is going to take the handle from three
yards out and it's 14 nothing Crusaders
with the two-point conversion part of BC
you get game plans to get on top early
and not let them up the ensuing kickoff
it it's a high bounce Bergen Catholic
full the very next play Spencer coleslaw
is going to take into distance for the
Crusaders look at the cuts to the end
zone Seton Hall doesn't know what hit
him it's 21 nothing in the first quarter
the Pirates are finally going to breathe
quarterbacks row McGuire is gonna find
Steve Silvestri but the hall is going to
get turned away bc with the ball again
McAvoy in the pocket he launches it to
John to Simmons the soft ball comes down
with it can you believe this he's
running backwards Scott Bartel finally
pulls them down for the Pirates McEvoy
back to pass again this time it's camera
and dickerson it's good for a touchdown
the rout is on 27 nothing Bergen
Catholic no GL campanella's going to try
it again the onside kick it won't work
it's fielded by max Stuart
almost takes it to the distance pirates
catch a break seat hobo settle for a
microwave a 28-yard field goal Bergen
Catholic 27 Seton Hall three Kevin Minaj
I keeps the whole moving on this nice
run down the sideline and now Sean
Maguire he's going to get the pants off
Steve Silvestri deep in bc territory and
then McGwire is going to find Silvestri
in the end zone its twenty one twenty
seven to ten Bergen castle now it's the
whole who's going to go to the bag of
tricks here's a razzle dazzle back to
McGwire in the pocket sue sylvester ii
has it again between truth to say ders
and the hall is mounting a comeback
McGwire back to class Freddie of time
Charlie Kennedy in the corner of the end
zone the hole is within ten 2717 now 41
seconds ago before the half the game is
basically one in lost on this next play
Tanner McEvoy goes back to pass he
launches another bomb camera Dickerson
is right there 70 yards for the
touchdown the Crusaders have a 33 to 17
halftime lead on Saturday it was just
Bergen Catholics day that's all that can
be said here we are third quarter McAvoy
takes the snap 59 yards for the
touchdown run all by himself yet 11
carries for 184 yards and two touchdowns
here we go one more time it could be
Mike first 54 yards for the touchdown
that's all she wrote Bergen Catholic 60
Seton Hall prep 17 is as expected the
Bergen Catholic Crusaders and the GaN
Bosco Iron Men in the Meadowlands for
the state championship well there you
have it as expected on December third in
the new meadowlands stadium for the
non-public group for title Don Bosco
versus Bergen Catholic if you remember
on October second dom bosco defeated
bergen catholic in oradell by a score of
3818 the real question for this this
game is kinesio campanelle stop what he
helped Greg told create a year ago for
New Jersey hotshots com I'm Anthony
source
you